.\" Copyright (c) 2021, 2022, Mikhail Zakharov <zmey20000@yahoo.com>
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
.\" following conditions are met:
.\"
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
.\"    disclaimer.
.\"
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
.\"    following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
.\" DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
.\" SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\" OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.TH ts\-warp5 5 "" "06 June 2022" "Mikhail Zakharov"
.SH NAME
\fBTS\-Warp\fR INI-like configuration file format
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBts\-warp\fR uses INI-like configuration files to identify SOCKS servers for destinations that clients are willing to 
reach. The format of ts-warp INI-files are almost dentical to the classical INI dialect, with the only main exception,
that duplicate names for \fBkeys\fR are alloved within the same \fBsection\fR.

Each \fBsection\fR, a string, enclosed in square brackets ('[', ']'), specifies a name for a SOCKS server block. A 
section consists of keys (variables) describing \fBSOCKS server\fR attributes, as well, as keys specifying destination
\fBtargets\fR.

Remarks are specified with: \fB;\fR and \fB#\fR characters

Key names are case insensitive i.e., \fBtarget_host\fR is the same as \fBtArGeT_HoSt\fR
.SH \fBSOCKS server\fR keys
.TP
.B socks_server = <IP | Hostname>[:port]
Manadatory variable, specifying a SOCKS server for the section. Optional port number defaults to 1080.
.BR
.TP
.B socks_chain = SECTION_1, SECTION_N
Defines a chain of sections with SOCKS servers, that are required to reach first before contacting the server in the
current section. Optional variable.
.BR
.TP
.B socks_version = 5 | 4
Specifies the server SOCKS version. Optional, defaults to 5.
.BR
.TP
.B socks_user = username
A username if the server requires authentication. Only plaintext authentication is supported.
.BR
.TP
.B socks_password = plain:PlaintextPassword | tsw01:HEXADECIMALHASH
A user password if the SOCKS-server requires authentication. Can be specified as plaintext if preceded with \fBplain:\fR
prefix or encoded by \fBts-pass(8)\fR with TS-Warp obfuscation algorithm if the \fBtsw01:\fR prefix is set.
.SH \fBTarget\fR keys
.TP
.B target_host = <IP | Hostname>:[port_1[-port_n]]
Describes a single target host either with it's IP address or resolveable host name. Optionally a port or a port range
can be specified to narrow the band. 
.BR
.TP
.B target_domain = example.org:[port_1[-port_n]]
Specifies the name of a domain resolveable via DNS. Optionally a port or a port range can be specified to narrow the
band.
.BR
.TP
.B target_network = IP[:port_1[-port_n]]/Netmask
Specifies an IPv4 or IPv6 subnet. Netmasks are accepted only in dot-decimal notation. Optionally a port or a port range
can be specified to narrow the band.
.BR
.TP
.B target_range = IP_1[:port_1[-port_n]]/IP_n
Specifies a range of sequential IPv4, IPv6 addresses. Optionally a port or a port range can be specified to narrow the
band.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.EX
[HOME NETWORK]                          ; Section definition
# Target definitions:
; target_host = 192.168.1.1
; target_host = Anvil
; target_network = 192.168.1.0/255.255.255.0
; target_range = 192.168.1.1/192.168.1.20
target_domain = balmora.lan

# Server definitions:
socks_server = 192.168.1.237
; socks_version = 5
socks_user = socks
; socks_password = plain:TopSecretPass@34
socks_password = tsw01:08415D5F6519633F1D150E08552837506D12383C177C176F7C322E1F562D
.EE
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ts\-warp (8),
.BR ts\-warp.sh (1),
.BR ts\-pass (1),
.BR gui\-warp (1)
