.\" Copyright (c) 2021, 2022, Mikhail Zakharov <zmey20000@yahoo.com>
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
.\" following conditions are met:
.\"
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
.\"    disclaimer.
.\"
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
.\"    the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
.\" DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
.\" SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\" OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.TH TS\-WARP 8 "June 6, 2022" "1.0" "Mikhail Zakharov"
.SH NAME
TS-Warp \- Transparent proxy server and traffic wrapper
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ts-warp
[
.B \-i
IP:Port
.B \-c
file.ini
.B \-l
file.log
.B \-v
0-4
.B \-d
.B \-p
file.pid
.B \-f
.B \-u
user
.B \-h
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBts-warp\fR is a transparent firewall-based redirector of TCP/IP traffic to SOCKS-proxy servers. For macOS, FreeBSD
and OpenBSD \fBts-warp\fR utilizes PF and for Linux based environments Iptables firewal facilities. \fBts-warp\fR
supports IPv6 stack, has a simple INI-like configuration file with password obfuscation function, supports SOCK5
authentication methods and SOCKS proxy chains.

Sample PF and nftables/iptables configuration files for \fBts-warp\fR can be found in \fBts-warp_pf_<OSNAME>.conf\fR and
\fBts-warp_nftables.sh\fR or \fBts-warp_iptables.sh\fR respectively.

Example of the INI-file can be found in \fBts-warp.ini\fR.

Typically ts-warp, as well as firewall, are controlled using \fBts-warp.sh\fR script, but they also can be managed
manually. In this case, see the \fBOPTIONS\fR and \fBNOTES\fR sections below, check \fBpfctl(8)\fR or \nft(8)\fR,
\fBiptables(8)\fR for the firewall control operations.
.SH OPTIONS
The options are as follows:
.TP 16
\fB\-i\fR IP:Port
Incoming local IP address and port
.TP
\fB\-c\fR file.ini
Configuration file
.BR
.TP
\fB\-l\fR file.log
Log filename. If \fBts-warp\fR runs in foreground, the default log is STDOUT.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR 0..4
Log verbosity level: 0 - off, default 3
.BR
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Daemon mode
.TP
\fB\-p\fR file.pid
PID filename
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Force start
.BR
.TP
\fB\-u\fR user
A user to run \fBts-warp\fR. On macOS this has no effect, \fBts-warp\fR runs alwas as root.
.BR
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
A short help message
.SH NOTES
\fBts-warp\fR understands \fBSIGHUP\fR signal as command to reload configuration and \fBSIGINT\fR to stop the daemon.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ts\-warp.ini (5),
.BR ts\-warp.sh (1),
.BR ts\-pass (1),
.BR gui\-warp.py (1)
